being a street dog isn't so bad at all
he's a chair I'm free to be whoever I
want to be walk wherever I want to walk
hey hi are you two twins I'm our husband
pal
ah ha eat whatever I want to keep he's a
chair you know what fine I got this the
old-fashioned way I stole it
[Music]
snob hell there we go I got my collar
let me just take a little guess here
you're the center of your peoples
universe right you could say that your
family's just perfect don't don't please
well lady that's basically all over now
you're about to be replaced replace me I
don't think so lady this is Lulu
when the baby moves in the dog moves out
[Music]
help me get this thing awesome I'm
Ferris it's not awkward at all
this way it's totally safe I'm not gonna
do that
keep it crazy you'll know that happen
[Music]
where is this place
then a great big world out there
with no fence around it
[Music]
every day could be an adventure
you